Good morning/afternoon, We're Team, Weaver.

Do you know Pixar's animation, Finding Nemo? The background of this animation is the Great Barrier Reef in Australia. The 2,253km-long coastline is a UNESCO natural heritage of 400 species of coral reefs. It's the largest creature on Earth, the lungs of the sea. But it's been seriously destroyed for three years suffering huge coral reef bleaching. What's more serious is that not only Great Barrier Reef, but also coral reefs around the world are experiencing a major threat to climate change. As the Earth's temperature rises due to the use of fossil fuels, the temperature of the oceans has risen, and it has created a huge crisis for sea creatures. The coral reefs lost its beautiful colors and turned white. That's the topic we're trying to address.

Weaver was made to restore the ocean ecosystem by suppressing the phenomenon of coral reef bleaching.

Weaver is a robot that helps restore the marine ecosystem by suppressing these coral reef bleaching, and cleans floating garbage on the ocean to have a better effect. Using two fans, the robot can navigate through shallow coral reefs, and use its camera to see in real time what's going on in the ocean. You can see where it is on the map. The robot's structure also helps to clean up the waste from the sea. You can collect the robot later and dispose of the garbage. But we missed the most important function. And that's what this robot should do to get rid of the coral reef bleaching. This is done through a capsule. So, what is this capsule?

The shells of the capsule is made of poly vinyl alcohol film that dissolves in water. And the inner of the capsule contains the solid carbon dioxide, the 'dry ice'. When the capsule drops down below the water level of the coral reef, the capsules melt, causing chemical reactions to carbon dioxide and coral reefs, reducing and inhibiting the coral reef bleaching.

These capsules can be dropped in two ways. The first way is to drop it  passively. It can be used in small coral reefs. The second way is to drop the capsule periodically. It can be set to 10 minutes, 15 minutes, 30 minutes, and 1 hour. It can be used in large coral reefs.

Robot Weaver with these features, trys to restore the marine ecosystem by suppressing coral reef bleaching phenomena and cleaning up waste.

The coral reef bleaching phenomenon threatens the marine ecosystem, and the threat to the marine ecosystem is a human crisis. Can't we undo the environmental changes that we caused with our hands?
Weaver was made to restore the ocean ecosystem by suppressing the phenomenon of coral reef bleaching.

Thank you. Team, Weaver.
